Feature/forms (#241)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/additional-libraries/coding-standards.md

---
id: coding-standards
title: Eightshift Coding Standards
---

[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/infinum/eightshift-coding-standards.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-coding-standards)

> This package contains [Eightshift Coding Standards for WordPress](https://handbook.infinum.co/books/wordpress) for [PHP_CodeSniffer](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer/). The package intends to have a unified code across the WordPress projects we do at Eightshift and help with the code review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains [Eightshift Coding Standards for WordPress](https://handbook.infinum.co/books/wordpress) for [PHP_CodeSniffer](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer/). The goal is to have a unified code across the WordPress projects we do at Eightshift and help with the code review.
```
